Documentation on release procedure (#601)
OpenEnergyPlatform/oeplatform: RELEASE_PROCEDURE.md

## Required accounts and admin privileges

## Basic-Steps for deploy and release (publishing a new release)
Before see How to [Contribute](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oeplatform/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md)

1. Make a release candidate branch (e.g., `release/vx.x.x`)
   and pull request it into `master` with the following updates:
   1. Update the oeplatform/versions/changelogs/ `current.md` (see the examples of previous releases)
	  - Change filename to release version (x_x_x.md)
  1. Confirm that the PR passes all tests and checks
  1. Tag the release number
  1. Once successful, delete the tag, and merge the candidate PR into `master` on Github
1. Switch to the now-updated master branch: `git checkout master` and `git pull upstream master`
1. Tag the release number: `git tag v<release version>`, e.g., `git tag v1.2.0`
   - `versioneer` automatically updates the version number based on the tag
   - this is now the official tagged commit
1. Push the tag upstream: `git push upstream --tags`
1. Make a new release on Github
   - make sure that you choose the tag name defined above
   - copy the release summary from changelog into the description box

> 1. Add a new line "# Next Release" at the top of `RELEASE_NOTES.md` and commit to `master`

Reviewer: What is the difference between `RELEASE_NOTES.md` and the versions above? Do we need both?

Author: I will rename it to "RELEASE_PROCEDURE.md" :)

> 1. Announce it on our mailing list: https://groups.io/g/pyam

Reviewer: Is this the wrong link?

Author: do we have a mailing list I´m not aware of? I just left it there as an example.

Author: @MGlauer ping :)

   - again, copy the rendered HTML from the Github release directly in the email

> 1. Deploy on webserver: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/howto/deployment/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. As stated in the [django deployment documentation](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/howto/deployment/), every django app has to be served by an external web server. Please make sure to follow the security advise given in the deployment documentation, if you want to host your own version of the Open Energy Platform.
```
